What is up guys.
Welcome back.
So now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you create pages.
OK.
Because we want to create pages and we want to set our website up to not get yourself confused with
any other thing.
You can see we have this design we don't like this it means we don't like this title and everything.
So I get confused.
We are just here for just understanding how WordPress works and maybe you will understand we learn how
to customize it.
So let's just go ahead and let's quickly add a page you can see that if I just go to Home Page a normal
page appears in that it has the hello world and the stuff in it is paused and I know it might be so
confusing you might know about it and you or you might not know about it but just leave it as it is.
Just keep that aside.
OK.
You will understand it later on when we learn everything.
So let's just go ahead and let's quickly add a page.
I'm going to go to this ad Neal.
OK.
This is the button in the dashboard.
You can see that you must be in the dashboard home page and here you must be seeing this pages you have
to just click here and then you have to hit add new and you will be taken to a new page and it says
add a new page.
Ok so I'm going to be naming my this page as the home page.
Ok so I'm going to be naming it as home.
OK.
And then here I'm going to add the content so the content can be anything like you can add something
like hello world or something like that but I'm going to be adding a dummy content for the dummy content.
You can use a Web site called Lipp some lip some lip some dot com.
OK so they give the dummy condom that you can just put on your website and then it will not be a copyright
issue.
So we're just creating a normal based Web site like we are using for testing purposes.
We're not just creating a business based Web site.
That is why I would recommend you to when you are learning everything and actually just copy the content
and paste.
And that should be dummy.
And I'm just going to click generate Lorem Ipsum and this is right here so I'm going to go ahead and
I'm going to quickly copy this.
OK.
Told us.
And I am going to copy and I'm going to come here and I am going to paste it right here so you can see
this is the content that has been pasted.
And this is my whole area.
I can manage everything.
OK.
Like I can make any of the content bold.
I can make any of the conduct in a bullet to the list.
Let's suppose that I going to add this to be like bulled.
OK.
Like this.
And I want to make it bold.
You can see this is what I want to make it the headings so I'm going to make it down and I'm going to
select this and I'm going to make select here and I'm going to change it to be like headings so you
can play with this if you know Microsoft Word how Microsoft Word works then you must know how everything
works you guys should know how the bulleted list works and how everything works and you can just play
around with it.
Let's just go ahead and let's add a bulleted list.
OK.
That can be like an ordered list or something like that.
So I'm just going to add one two three.
And so this is how you can see on pressing enter a new ball it comes.
And if I just double press enter this will be gone.
So this is outworks.
OK.
Now let's just go ahead and let's just publish this so I'm just clicking the Publish you'll see that
my page will be published so I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to make it publish.
OK.
And he can see that we have designed our first home page and let's just go ahead and let's open it up
so I'm just clicking here you can see that it says it NZL dot com slash home.
And this is my homepage that is coming so it stays home.
And here is a condo and everything.
I know this the look doesn't look good.
I'm telling you once again guys do not worry about the styling.
Just learn WordPress right now.
Understand that you'll see how amazing Web sites are created we will create every type of apps.
OK.
So do not get confused and do not just rush into it like I want to know everything.
OK so now you can see how crazy this is looking.
We have got the we know now how to create pages and this is how our page is looking.
OK.
So let's just quickly add the About page and the contact page as well.
So I'm going to go ahead and I am going to click here add new OK and let's just go ahead and let's add
about us.
OK and let's come here and let's copy this trade here copy and let's paste it so you have to copy the
content that is the Lorem Ipsum from Lipscombe dot com.
OK.
And then what you have to do you have to just hit publish so you can see that now we have created our
about this page as well.
Let's quickly go ahead and open this up in New Tab and you can see how it is looking so this is about
us.
We also have created the home and now we have to create the conduct of spades.
I'm just going to click add new right here again and let's name it.
Contact us.
So I'm just going be telling you a different design here so that you get you guys can play with it here.
OK let's just click here and you can see a new bar is coming up here.
So you can pretty well manage for that.
OK.
And now here I want to make it like phone number OK.
And then here I want to add the phone numbers so they can be like plus 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1.
OK.
And then let's just go ahead and let's add an email address.
And that can be like info at the rate Aitan Ziel dot com.
OK.
And then we have the next one.
So don't worry about this e-mail.
I'll show you how can you create a domain based email.
OK.
Now let's quickly just go ahead and add one more thing and that is the address so address area number
two
block seven US and then here I'm going to be adding the zip code so I can see that this is my phone
number.
This is my email address and this is my address.
OK.
Now let's see we want to design this so for a phone number let's suppose that I want to make a different
color.
OK.
I want to make it like blue OK.
This is blue.
And for the e-mail address let's make it bold as well OK so that it is bold and just easy to view.
We want to just work the e-mail address as well.
OK.
Let's just select it.
Let's keep it bold and let's choose a different color here so that that is a light blue.
OK.
And for the address I want it to be bold.
And I also want it to be of more light blue and I want to make it italic and the underline.
So where does underline OK we don't have underlined.
I'm going to press control you OK.
We don't have underlined right here.
OK.
Yes.
On pressing the control you you can basically underline an element so you have to press control and
then you have to add a pit you and the underline will come.
OK.
Now what I have to do I have to just go ahead and I have to hit publish.
And you can pretty well just work with these as well if you want to make some changes.
Let's just go ahead and let's publish it and let's have a look at this so I'm going to go ahead and
I'm going to view my this page as well.
OK.
So you can see how it is looking we have this phone number.
We have this email address and we have this address.
And this is our just a basic web site like we have the phone number.
We have the e-mail address and we have the address.
OK.
So now we basically know how to add pages.
So if you just go to the all pages you're going to see all the pages that we have on our Web site so
we have our home page.
We have her about us and we have her contact.
So these three are very important.
And this is the sample page so let's just go ahead and let's quickly delete the sample because this
is not.
Sorry.
I just viewed this.
Let's just go out and let's click trash and let's still be displayed so this page is going to be deleted
and it's going to be in the trash.
So like if you have accidentally deleted you can restore it.
But I'm going to delete it permanently because I don't want this.
OK.
So I'm going to go to the all pages and here I have the main pages which is the home the about S and
the contractors.
OK.
So now when we go to our website home page you can see that this home page is not coming the post this
coming which is confusing yourself.
So how to make our home page to be the actual home page so that if someone visits either NZL dot com
he should see this home page.
OK.
So how to do that.
How do you do that.
OK.
So for that you have to watch the next lecture.
And in that lecture I also show you that how can you work with the many succeeding guys and by.